Reflect the separation of block and closure (#757)
nushell/nushell.github.io: book/types_of_data.md

There are numerous other commands for selecting and reducing the data in tables, records and lists.

## Closures

> Closures are anonymous functions that can close over variables outside their scope and can be passed as a value.

Reviewer: Maybe we could lighten the CS lingo for the first sentence

```suggestion
Closures are anonymous functions that can be passed a value through paramters and *close over* (i.e. use) a variable outside its scope.
```

Author: There is a small typo: paramters -> parameters :)

Reviewer: Also made a grammar mistake with `its` instead of `theirs`. Peak Verschlimmbessern

Author: I have to say, reading through the sentence, I still like the original a bit more.
That functions can "be passed a value through parameters" is not astounding, but that they "can be passed as a value" is worth mentioning.

Author: Done

For example, in the command `each { |it| print $it }` the closure is the portion contained in curly braces, `{ |it| print $it }`.
Closure parameters are specified between a pair of pipe symbols (for example, `|it|`) if necessary.

> You can also use `$in` in most closures instead of providing a parameter: `each { print $in }`

Reviewer: Mhh `$in` semantics are always a bit confusing. Would be great if we could specify the rules when it is available in the future. 

I think in this case we should make clear that this is not traditional closing over the variable.

```suggestion
You can also use a pipeline input as `$in` in most closures instead of providing an explicit parameter: `each { print $in }`
```

Author: Agreed.

Closures are a useful way to represent code that can be executed on each row of data.

> It is idiomatic to use `$it` as a parameter name in [`each`](commands/each.md) blocks, but not required;

Reviewer: Love the crossreferencing!

Author: Unfortunately, not my work.
I just copied the block paragraph and replaced block with closure :P

Reviewer: Thanks for keeping it around then :)

## Closures

Closures are anonymous functions that can be passed a value through parameters and _close over_ (i.e. use) a variable outside their scope.

For example, in the command `each { |it| print $it }` the closure is the portion contained in curly braces, `{ |it| print $it }`.
Closure parameters are specified between a pair of pipe symbols (for example, `|it|`) if necessary.
You can also use a pipeline input as `$in` in most closures instead of providing an explicit parameter: `each { print $in }`

Closures itself can be bound to a named variable and passed as a parameter.
To call a closure directly in your code use the [`do`](commands/do.md) command.

```nu
# Assign a closure to a variable
let greet = { |name| print $"Hello ($name)"}

> do $greet "Julian"

Author: 😄
